Why we Need a Key?
Here are some reasons for using sql key in the DBMS system
1) Keys help you to identify any row of data in table . 
In real world application, a table could contain thousands of recored .
Moreover , the records be duplicated. Keys in RDBMS ensure that you can uniquely identify a table record despite these challenges.

2) Allows You to establish a relationship between and identify the realtion between tables

3) Help you to enforce identify and intergity in the relationship.

Types of Keys?

1) Primary Key :
Primary Key in DBMS is a column or group of column in table that uniquely identify every row in that table.
The Primary key cant be a duplicate meaning the same value cant apper more than once in the table.
A table cannot have more than one Primary key.
Example - Employee-ID

2) Candidate Key :
A Candidate key is an attribute or set of an attribute which can uniquely identify a tuple.
The remaining attributes except for primary key are considered as a Candidate key.
The Candidate keys are a s strong as the Primary keys
Example - SSN,Passport,AADHAR

3) Super Key :
Super key is a set of an attribute which can uniquely identify a tuple
Super key is superset of a Candidate key
Example - In the Employee table, for(Employee_ID,Employee_name) the name of two employes can be same , but their Employee_ID cant be dame.Hence, this combination can alse be a key.
The Super key would be Employee_ID,(Employee_ID,Employee_name),etc.

4) Foregin key :
Foregin keys are the column of the table which is used to point to the primary key of another key.
In a company every employee works in a specific department and employee and department are two different entities. 
So we cant store the information of the department in the employee table. Thats why we link ther=se two tables through the primary key of one table.
We add the primary ley to the Department table , Department_id as a new attribute in the Employee table
Now in the Employee table , Department_id is the Foregin key and both the tables are related